1. Main Screen Mock Up 
	1.1. As a user I want to click on the ‘Admin’ button so that I can log into the admin section  (1)
	1.2. As a user I want to see all collections listed item by item in the middle of the main page so that I can easily browse through all available collections. (3)
	1.3. As a user I want to select items using checkboxes and click on a "View" button so that I can view information about specific items from the collection. (2)
	1.4. As a user I want to click on a "Search" button so that I can enter search criteria to find items within the collections. (1)
	1.5. As a user I want to click the next button so that I can scroll through items. (1)
2. Admin
	2.1 As an admin I want to input a username and password and click on the ‘Log in’ so that I can see the main screen with the additional functionalities of adding, removing and generating reports about the collection, as well as revert to the Viewer screen. (3)
	2.2 As an admin I want to click on the ‘View’ button so that I can see information about specified items. (2)
	2.3 As an admin I want to click on the ‘Search’ button so that I can find an item in the collection using specific information about them. (4)
	2.4  As an admin I want to click on the ‘Add’ button so that I can enter information about a new item to include in the collection. (3)
	2.5 As an admin I want to click on the ‘Remove’ button so that I can remove an item from the collection after I verify the item I want removed. (3)
	2.6 As an admin I want to click the ‘Report’ button so that I can have a PDF file report on a specific portion of the collection. (3)
	2.7 As an admin I want to click on the ‘Back’ button so that I can return to the Viewer version of the main screen.  (1)
3. ‘Add’ function
	3.1 As an admin, I want to click the “Add” button to add a new item into the system with its corresponding information: Lot Number, Name, Category, Period, Description, and Picture/Video (3)
	3.2 As an admin I want to click the “Submit” button for the information about my new item to be accepted by the system (2)
4. ‘Search’ function
	4.1 As a user I want to click a “Search” button to be prompted to input the Lot number, Name, Category or Period of an item I want to search for. (2)
	4.2 As a user a I want to click a “Result” button I want to see the results based on my search criteria. (2)
4.3 As a user I want to click a “View” button that displays an item I have selected in a pop up screen. (2)
5. ‘Remove’ function
As a User I want to click on a “Remove” button to remove an item I have selected or have the system tell me to select an item I want to remove. (3)
6. ‘Report’ function
	6.1 As an Admin, I want to click on a “Report” button to generate a printable PDF file of some or all  items  I searched for using their lot number, name, category or Period and have the report contain all their information or just the description and picture. (3)

